# IDG Hackathon

This repository is a collection of code and data used in conjunction with my [Flipside's Studio analysis](https://flipsidecrypto.xyz/potmo/idg-hackathon-LI4-KA) for submission into Flipside's "Catalyst Hackathon". We are tasked with creating an analysis of blockchain data, using Flipside's "Intelligence-driven growth" framework and methodology. 

While the vast majority of data, code and visualizations are done from within Flipside's free "Studio" (a combination of a SQL sandbox with an array of curated tables representing blockchain data for a large subset of the most significant blockchains and protocols in web3, query/ collections filesystem and dashboard builder), those aspects which aren't available using SQL alone – some of the APIs require repeated calls to an API due to page size restrictions and we also access some Python libraries, led by [Scikit-learn's](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) machine learning package.

Using Flipside's "Live query" feature, we access the data generated using Python with the `udf_api` function. These live in the `Data` directory. We also include all Python and SQL code used in this project. It is unnecessary for visitors to [my dashboard](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) to visit this site as all the presentation materials will be contained within the Dashboard. It is intended that judges and reviewers can view and review that dashboard as a stand-alone submission. With that said, it is my hope that analysts will consider adding a programming language such as Python to be part of their arsenal. To this end, I am publishing the [HEX version of the dashboard]().

[HEX](https://hex.tech/) is a powerful all purpose coding/ publishing platform built on top of one of the data analyst/ scientist's favorite tools – the Jupyter notebook. It is feature rich and ideally suited for the analyst. One can seamlessly move back and forth between Python dataframes and SQL tables. In addition to the standard coding and markdown cells familiar to Jupyter users, input widgets and built-in no-code charts are featured. It is divided into two parts: The notebook and The app. On the app side one can drag and drop the output and/or the source of the cells from the notebook, providing a clean interactive experience for users. One can publish the link of [just the app](https://app.hex.tech/fa81bd22-7d6a-43d1-927e-f4d12d0ce543/app/0196c031-2181-7005-9914-0d94e5b08328/latest) or [the entire project](https://app.hex.tech/fa81bd22-7d6a-43d1-927e-f4d12d0ce543/hex/0196c031-2181-7005-9914-0d94e5b08328/draft/logic), which allows one to switch back and forth between the notebook and app view. 


